Step 10
Now that you have reset the html box model, you need to pass that on to the elements within as well. To do this, you can set the box-sizing property to inherit, which will tell the targeted elements to use the same value as the parent element.
You will also need to target the pseudo-elements, which are special keywords that follow a selector. The two pseudo-elements you will be using are the ::before and ::after pseudo-elements.
The ::before selector creates a pseudo-element which is the first child of the selected element, while the ::after selector creates a pseudo-element which is the last child of the selected element. These pseudo-elements are often used to create cosmetic content, which you will see later in this project.
For now, create a CSS selector to target all elements with *, and include the pseudo-elements with ::before and ::after. Set the box-sizing property to inherit.

Step 18
Now it is time to use the pseudo-selectors you prepared for earlier. To create the black keys, add a new .key.black--key::after selector. This will target the elements with the class key black--key, and select the pseudo-element after these elements in the HTML.
In the new selector, set the background-color to #1d1e22. Also set the content property to "". This will make the pseudo-elements empty.
The content property is used to set or override the content of the element. By default, the psuedo-elements created by the ::before and ::after pseudo-selectors are empty, and the elements will not be rendered to the page. Setting the content property to an empty string "" will ensure the element is rendered to the page while still being empty.
If you would like to experiment, try removing the background-color property and setting different values for the content property, such as "♥". Remember to undo these changes when you are done so the tests pass.

Step 31
You might have noticed the keys collapse when the browser window is smaller than 768px. Set overflow to hidden in the first .keys selector, to take care of this issue. This property will hide any element that is pushed outside the set width value of .keys.

